so we want to explore here is we've got
this digital age so information is
instant people can celebrate in an
instant
people can argue in an instant and these
these these elements did not have a
precedent in the world of media
reporting every time there's a new major
technology we go through what i would
call techno panic but the first
civilized discussion that happens every
time it does the first serious
discussion of a legal right to privacy
in the United States occurred with the
invention of what technology the kodak
camera does it freak people out suddenly
your cousin feeling my soul right and it
could appear in the penny press this was
awful what do we do we figured it out we
got our norms and and straight now so
now we all take selfies now we all like
our photos taken
we grew up in an era where there are
spies they were secrets and so you
didn't want anybody know anything about
you now we have a next generation of
people anyone 20 and hunger under where
everybody knows everything about them
strict about pictures at parties you
know flashing each other doing shots and
these are pictures that are now
permanently available on the internet
okay what's wrong about that nail at
some point I was observing did you ever
do it in embarrassing as a child
no I know you yes but I had the good
sense to make sure that no cameras work
except that we had all did embarrassing
things when we were younger what's wrong
with this picture of of taking it out on
you when you're over it means you're
intolerant
I think at some point we become a more
tolerant society we recognize that
everybody has their foibles and we'll
learn from that but you know what
happens because we create our own online
presence is not created by someone else
who took a picture of us we can paint
whatever image of ourselves we want
whether or not it's accurate so I
brought up that topic with Arianna
Huffington let's check it out if you
look at the way people use social media
a lot of it is artificial I someone said
there's no human being was as happy as
an Instagram now human being who is as
upset out
raised in miserable as on Twitter and
nobody was as employable as a linkedin
so exaggerated said that there is a
little bit of a manufactured identity
you know it's always me and this and
said me and this fabulous meal me
smiling you know but nobody has a life
that would be highly like that it's true
devices an awesome-looking platter of
food i'm taking a picture that we want
another asset i'm about to eat but there
are times when you have a fabulous man
and there are times when you may be
upset about something you don't take a
picture of you being upset